## Migrating country specific data from 1.2.0.1 to 1.3.0 version

Prerequisites:
-> SQL migration must be successfully executed.
-> Go to upgrade.properties file and modify the property values as per the environment.

Note: List of the commands executed during the data upgrade can be found in upgrade_commands.txt. One command per line. Commands using data-uploader.py script cannot be executed after it is successfully executed once. It should be commented for the next execution(upgrade.sh ignores the commented lines).

1. Template type and Template data change: 
	
    New template types and templates were introduced in 1.3.0. All the new types and templates itself are provided in the xlsx file in the same directoy in english, arabic, french, kannada, hindi and tamil languages.

    1. "id" column in the templates excel sheet is autogenerated before upload to server.
    2. Make sure to remove unsupported languages from the excel files before starting the migration.
    3. Cross check if all the language specific data is valid and correct w.r.t the language.Make the change as required in the template text (file_text column) if required.

    Note: We have introduced "label" and "value" in registration client acknowledgment and preview templates. Data in all the captured languages are slash separated and is provided to the template with "label" and "value" keys. So instead of "primaryLabel" and "primaryValue", "secondaryLabel" and "secondaryValue" use "label" and "value". To be backward compatibile, we still provide support for "primaryLabel" and "primaryValue" in 1.3.0.
